VISITED: 0
ROOMTYPE: MID
ROOMNAME: Courtyard
LONGDESCRIPTION: As you enter this space, you are greeted by the warm glow of sunshine. There is no ceiling between you and blue skies in this courtyard. You hear a few blue birds sing in the trees around you. In the center of the courtyard is a fountain with a fish spouting water in the air. Under one of the trees is a hammock. It looks super comfy. In the northeast corner, there is a musty exit. In the southeast corner, there is a creepy exit. To the west, there is an exit with bright lights.
SHORTDESCRIPTION: You’ve entered the courtyard. A fountain is in the middle. A hammock hangs from one of the trees. In the northeast corner, there is a musty exit. In the southeast corner, there is a creepy exit. To the west, there is an exit with bright lights.
FEATURE1: fountain
LOOK1: Large and circular. There are pennies, nickels, and dimes resting in the water. Remnants of someone’s wish? A sparkly fish statue spits water in the air.
HIT1: It was made with cement. You hurt your hand. 
OPEN1: It doesn’t open. You can already see the bottom. 
MOVE1: It was too heavy. You rub your back and wonder why you would try that. 
FEATURE2:  hammock
LOOK2: Starts fight sequence – As you look more closely at the comfy hammock you realize just how sleepy you are. It would make a great place to close your eyes for a second. It becomes harder and harder to fight off sleep. What do you do?
HIT2: Starts fight sequence – As you look more closely at the comfy hammock you realize just how sleepy you are. It would make a great place to close your eyes for a second. It becomes harder and harder to fight off sleep. What do you do?
OPEN2: Starts fight sequence – As you look more closely at the comfy hammock you realize just how sleepy you are. It would make a great place to close your eyes for a second. It becomes harder and harder to fight off sleep. What do you do?
MOVE2: Starts fight sequence – As you look more closely at the comfy hammock you realize just how sleepy you are. It would make a great place to close your eyes for a second. It becomes harder and harder to fight off sleep. What do you do?
LOOKAT2: A very comfortable looking hammock made from rope. The tree it hangs from provides the perfect shade.
HITD2: It swings back and forth.
OPEND2: It doesn’t open.
MOVED2: You move it away from the tree. It looks less enticing now.
OBJECT: NA
NUMEXITS: 4
EXIT1DIRECTION: east
EXIT2DIRECTION: south
EXIT3DIRECTION: southwest
EXIT4DIRECTION: northwest
EXIT1NAME: Tennis Court
EXIT2NAME: Basement
EXIT3NAME: Doll Room
EXIT4NAME: Library