VISITED: 0
ROOMTYPE: START
ROOMNAME: Library
LONGDESCRIPTION: You enter a room with bookshelves that reach the ceiling. There is a slight musty smell to the books. They look old and covered in dust. The lights are dim. There is a skylight on the ceiling, but the sunshine from outside is obscured by years of grime. Off to one side of the room, there is an exhibit featuring a large book. The exhibit’s title is Book of Wallpaper. On the other side of the room sits an old man behind the librarian’s reference desk. He looks nearly as old as the book collection. In the south end of the room, there is an exit with a creepy vibe. In the southeast corner of the room, there is an exit with fresh air blowing through. In the northeast corner, there is an exit covered in animal hair.
SHORTDESCRIPTION: You’ve entered the library. A special exhibit featuring The Book of Wallpaper is off to one side, on the other sits a librarian behind the reference desk. In the south end of the room, there is an exit with a creepy vibe. In the southeast corner of the room, there is an exit with fresh air blowing through. In the northeast corner, there is an exit covered in animal hair.
FEATURE1: book of wallpaper
LOOK1: The Book of Wallpaper is a large book with samples of wallpapers from the 1700 and 1800 hundreds. The patterns are beautiful. The exhibit posted a warning sign because wallpapers during this time period were made with arsenic, a dangerous poison when touched, ingested, or inhaled. Most copies of this rare book were destroyed by their hosting institutions to prevent poisoning their patrons. 
HIT1: A puff of dust rises in the air. Try not to inhale. Old wallpaper contains arsenic. 
OPEN1: You scroll through a few pages. Remember not to rub your eyes. Old wallpaper was made with arsenic. 
MOVE1: You move the book leaving a dust outline where it use to sit. Don’t forget to wash your hands before you eat. Old wallpaper still has arsenic residue. 
FEATURE2: librarian
LOOK2: He might look ancient, but the librarian moves quickly in your direction. He demands that you return your overdue book. He blocks your path and you can’t move around him. What do you do?
HIT2: He might look ancient, but the librarian moves quickly in your direction. He demands that you return your overdue book. He blocks your path and you can’t move around him. What do you do?
OPEN2: He might look ancient, but the librarian moves quickly in your direction. He demands that you return your overdue book. He blocks your path and you can’t move around him. What do you do?
MOVE2: He might look ancient, but the librarian moves quickly in your direction. He demands that you return your overdue book. He blocks your path and you can’t move around him. What do you do?
LOOKAT2: An old man dressed in a worn-out tweed suit. He is sorting library cards at the reference desk.
HITD2: He falls to the ground. Why would you do that? He’s like 200 years old.
OPEND2: He doesn’t like that.
MOVED2: He gets shoved to the side. Why would you do that? He’s like 200 years old.
OBJECT: book
EXIT1NAME: creepy
EXIT1DIRECTION: south
EXIT2NAME: fresh air
EXIT2DIRECTION: southeast
EXIT3NAME: animal hair
EXIT3DIRECTION: northeast
EXIT4NAME: NA
EXIT4DIRECTION: NA
EXIT1ROOM: Doll Room
EXIT2ROOM: Courtyard
EXIT3ROOM: Cat Kingdom
EXIT4ROOM: NA
FEATURE1ENEMY?: No
FEATURE2ENEMY?: Yes
